{
    "title": "Mac Brush Cleanser Yo",
    "description": "Whether you want to go totally minimal and clean or rock a natural but glamorous look, M\u00b7A\u00b7C Regional Trainer Christine Romero shows you how to build a perfect look using M\u00b7A\u00b7C Next to Nothing Face Colour.\n\nShop the look now: http:\/\/www.maccosmetics.com\/collections-next-to-nothing\n\nProducts:\nPrep + Prime Fix+\nNext to Nothing Face Colour\nNext to Nothing Powder\/Pressed\nLash Curler\nIn Extreme Dimension Lash\nLip Conditioner (Tube)\nMatchmaster Concealer\nPowder Blush in Melba\nCream Colour Base in Hush\nLiptensity Lipstick in Doe\nEye Brows in Lingering\nEye Shadow x 15: Warm Neutral\nPro Longwear Fluidline in Dip Down\nPlushglass in Ample Pink\n210 Brush\n141 Brush\n140 Brush\n286 Brush\n168 Brush\n316 Brush\n224 Brush\n\nSteps:\n\n5-Minute Makeup\n1. Prep the skin by applying a light spritz of Prep + Prime Fix+ all over the face. \n2. Apply Next to Nothing Face Colour with the 141 Brush, starting in the centre of the face and working outwards. \n3. With the 140 Brush, apply Next to Nothing Powder\/Pressed through the T-zone and under the eyes.\n4. Curl lashes.\n5. Coat the upper and lower lashes with In Extreme Dimension Lash.\n6. Add Lip Conditioner.\n\n10-Minute Makeup\n7. Conceal under the eyes and any problem areas with Matchmaster Concealer, blending with the 286 Brush.\n8. Apply Powder Blush in Melba to the cheeks with the 168 Brush in circular motions.\n9. Using your fingers, apply Cream Colour Base in Hush to the tops of cheekbones.\n10. Lightly dab Liptensity Lipstick in Doe to the lips with your fingers. \n11. Define brows with Eye Brows liner in Lingering.\n\n15-Minute Makeup\n12. Apply Eye Shadow in Saddle from the Warm Neutral palette to the crease of the eye, using the 224 Brush. \n13. With the same brush, pat Eye Shadow in Vanilla Extract across the eyelid and blend with the clean side of the brush.\n14. Line the upper lash line with Pro Longwear Fluidline in Dip Down, using the 210 Brush.\n15. Finish the look by applying Plushglass in Ample Pink with the 316 Brush.",
    "videoid": "139185164",
    "date_created": "1491503064",
    "date_modified": "1517120384",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-natural-and-glowing-skin-from-day-to-night-next-to-nothing-m-a-c\/139185164"
}